[Applause]
first and ten just inside the 25
play-action clicked over the middle
Watkins has it spins away from an 40 45
50 running with Georgia defenders
[Applause]
13 for number 2 now ties for Igor
downfield he's got
kids takes it in speed kills and Sammy
Watkins 453 yards Taj looking to throw
fires over the middle leaping grab
Watkins 10 at the 5 feathers aren't in
the end zone touchdown boy taking the
shot
like it's blocking that football out of
the Year 1000 yards on the season for
Sammy on the 41 yard touchdown that's
why he's the best receiver balance will
play going straight back to throw goes
deep Hopkins
pinch and catch to perfection
UVA comes with a light but anyway
it's a foot race and Sammy Watkins is
there what is the second time he has
outrun Tim Harris for a touchdown
pump fake Boyd gonna throw near sideline
Watkins at 40
[Applause]
Sammy Watkins fields middle the veal of
the ten across the 1520 has a scene to
the rate 30 35 40 50 back in front
Watkins shifts to the way he'll take
[Music]
touchdown
Boston College come to the Blitz
Boyd got it off under pressure while
bigoted Dean
James to the rescue he is going us
firing left side it's complete at the 45
40 pixel a 20 15 10 5 pennies in
touchdown boy close on the run-out the
Watkins Watkins with a stiff arm and
down the sideline ago
[Applause]
shotgun snap a backward pass to Watkins
and he fires to the right wide-open
Ellington 35 30 cuts back in the 2015
plane arrived and there's orange in the
end zone touchdown Sammy Watkins Boyd
Schwartz it goes to Watkins what a catch
Sammy Watkins runs over a tackler
Todd's throwing the flat to Watkins
Sammy 20 15 10 5 Heather's orange in the
end zone touchdown old mr. reliable the
freshman Watkins pulls it in for 13
yards miss first and 10 every time you
and I have Sammy Watkins he has to have
the best set of hands just hands and
making catches of any receiver we've
seen all year
[Applause]